(c) Copyright 2013 Clark & Parsia LLC, All rights reserved.

This license governs use of the accompanying software (hereafter,
"SBOL Designer"). If you use SBOL Designer, you accept this license. 
If you do not accept the license, do not use SBOL Designer.

This is NOT an Open Source software license as defined by the Open
Source Initiative at http://www.opensource.org/.

1. Definitions

The terms "reproduce," "reproduction," and "distribution" have the
same meaning here as under U.S. copyright law.

"You" means the licensee of SBOL Designer.

"Your organization" means the organization you worked for when you
downloaded SBOL Designer.

"Reference use" means use of SBOL Designer within your organization 
as a reference for the sole purposes of research, debugging your 
software, maintaining your software, extending your software, or 
enhancing the interoperability of your software with SBOL Designer, 
and *specifically excludes the right to distribute SBOL Designer 
outside of your organization*.

"Licensed patents" means any Licensor patent claims which read
directly on the software as distributed by the Licensor under this
license.

2. Grant of Rights

(A) Copyright Grant: Subject to the terms of this license, the
Licensor grants you a non-transferable, non-exclusive, worldwide,
royalty-free copyright license to reproduce SBOL Designer for 
reference use.

(B) Patent Grant: Subject to the terms of this license, the Licensor
grants you a non-transferable, non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free
patent license under licensed patents for reference use.

3. Limitations

(A) No Trademark License: This license does not grant you any rights
to use the Licensor's name, logo, or trademarks.

(B) If you begin patent litigation against the Licensor over patents
that you think may apply to SBOL Designer (including a cross-claim or
counterclaim in a lawsuit), your license to SBOL Designer ends
automatically.

(C) SBOL Designer is licensed "as-is." You bear the risk of using it. 
The Licensor gives no express warranties, guarantees or conditions. 
You may have additional consumer rights under your local laws which 
this license cannot change. To the extent permitted under your local 
laws, the Licensor excludes the implied warranties of merchantability,
fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
